Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Congratulations on passing the
Hellhorde Promotion Exam.
You've gone from Hyper Cadet Harm-Marshal
to Awesome Great Cadet Inquisitor.
That's my daughter for you.
Hell-Lord's Daughter
Awesome Great Cadet Inquisitor
Maomao-chan
Thank you very much, Papa.
I mean, Your Majesty.
I will give you a reward.
Whatever you want.
A magic crystal skeleton?
An evil dragon fang?
Or perhaps a hydra scale?
State your wish.
In that case...
I...
I want a piggyback ride...
What?!
I know you're the Hell-Lord,
and appearances are important,
so I held back all this time...
But deep down, I want
piggyback rides and stuff.
Ah!
No, I'm sorry!
I was asking for too much.
Of course!
Eh?
I had been concerned about
appearances, too...
but you know I'd love to
give you a piggyback ride!
Papa!
Okay!
You can ride piggyback as much as you want!
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
I'm so high up!
I can almost reach the ceiling!
You sure are tall, Papa!
But right now, you're even
taller, Maomao-chan.
Does that make me the tallest in the world?!
Geh-heh-heh.
Make sure you hold on tight.
Watch out for the pointy bits of my horns.
'Kay!
Yay!
Thank you very much, Papa.
I had fun.
Me too.
That was nice.
Letting loose instead of holding
yourself back, that is.
Until now, to keep up appearances,
I watched quietly in the back with my
arms folded at concerts.
Starting next time, I'll go
a bit closer to the front!
Geh-heh-heh...
That's for the best, Papa!
By the way, daughter of mine.
Earlier, you said, "piggyback
rides and stuff."
It sounds like there's more that you desire.
Huh?
I couldn't...
It's fine by me!
Tell me what you want!
Then...
Playing house.
Mama!
Food!
I'm hungry, Mama!
Okay, it'll be ready in no time!
Geh-heh-heh...
Next up, a horsey ride!
Neigh!
Clip-clop, clip-clop...
Go, go!
Neigh!
Welcome to my blue underground lake house!
Right this way.
Geh-heh-heh.
Thank you for inviting me over.
Hellvanian Families!
Also, also...
There's still more?
You truly are the Hell-Lord's daughter.
Your desires are endless!
Geh-heh-heh!
Is that bad?
It's been so long since we
played together, Papa...
It's fine by me!
I am the Hell-Lord!
All desires are mine for the taking!
I will devour every last craving you have!
Yay!
Go on.
Whoa there.
The Hell-Lord and
Maomao-chan
played together
Ah!
Your Majesty!
Where have you been?
As for the secret that
Torture found out today...
Shh.
I'm retiring for the night.
As you wish.
Papa, do your best at work
Picture Diary
Unruled
Notebook
Torture
The Royal
Empire's
password that
the Hell-Lord
previously lost
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
I love Papa
I love Papa!
Bell Mall.
Leaf.
Fukudaya.
Ashcan.
Ah!
I ended my word with an N!
I'm impressed, Your Highness.
You're even strong at shiritori!
What a wide vocabulary you have.
Who do you think you're dealing with here?
Thanks to the advanced education I received
from the royal family's exclusive tutors,
I happen to possess an extensive vocabulary.
Winning at shiritori is as easy as pie!
No, as easy as torture!
Wow, Your Highness!
But now that you mention it,
it's almost time for your torture.
Is it really okay to be relaxing like this?
It's fine, it's fine.
I'm sure the torture
won't be anything scary.
The jig is up if you admit that part.
Apologies for the wait.
Wha—?!
'Tis time for torture, Princess.
She's brought out the big guns!
A hot iron...
Looks like the Hellhorde's
not playing around anymore.
However, you've faced death many
times only to come out on top.
It'll take more than that!
Isn't that right, Your Highness?
You betcha!
You're shaking like a leaf!
Are you okay, Your Highness?
Could it be that your fortitude has weakened
from your prolonged imprisonment?
You can't be serious, Ex.
I'm the Princess and Commander
of the Imperial Third Legion.
Have faith in me!
Your words sound promising, but
not with that look on your face!
Now, Princess.
Today's torture will be...
Raclette cheese!
Moo
I'll use this iron to heat up the cheese,
so that it can be enjoyed in
a melty and delicious state.
What a relief!
Your Highness?!
I'm so... I'm so relieved...
I thought I was going to die...
Your Highness, the torture hasn't begun yet.
After being faced with the
terror of that hot iron,
I can easily hold out against that cheese.
It looks so good!
She easily crumbled in no time!
Cheese!
I bet it's amazing!
So much for that vocabulary
from an advanced education.
The cheese!
The cheese is oozing down!
Where are you going, cheese?!
Cheesy-cheesy yum-yum!
Has your brain melted
away, vocabulary and all?
The princess
confessed
Delish!
"Cheese and Kabao share
the same voice actor."
His Majesty wasn't satisfied
with today's secret, either.
It's true that His Majesty is
a big fan of voice actors.
I wouldn't be surprised if he knew already.
Which means for tomorrow...
Ah.
That's right.
I can't torture her tomorrow.
Cheese...
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
'Tis time for your routine
physical, Princess.
Routine physical?
Yes.
It'll soon be one month since
the princess was captured.
In order to lead a healthy
life in captivity,
the Hellhorde conducts monthly
health check-ups on all prisoners.
Now that's an unexpected benefit.
And so, I shan't be torturing you today.
I'll be administering a
routine physical instead.
Routine... physical...
Oh, does that go for that big guy as well?
Indeed.
Datarma has his check-up as well,
which is why I'm by myself today.
Now, to begin, I'll be drawing your blood.
I'll talk.
What?!
Wh-Wh-What's wrong, Your Highness?
I'll talk... So please spare me...
You're not being tortured today.
Wait, are you scared of needles?
Eep!
C'mon!
There's no way I'd be scared of needles!
I just happened to almost
confess out of habit!
Confess out of habit?
That's right.
Your Highness may be royalty,
but you were always at the very
front on the battlefield,
receiving the most wounds in battle.
You even reached the position of Commander
of the Imperial Third Legion.
You couldn't possibly be scared of needles!
Of course not, Ex!
Sharps Container
Rubbing Alcohol
Now then, Princess, let's get started...
Your Highness?!
You were so calm on the battlefield,
receiving wound after wound...
I mean, c'mon!
C'mon!
Whoops...
You're fine when you cut your
finger on paper by accident...
Cut your finger.
Eek
But it's scary if someone tells you,
"Cut your finger with paper right now!"
First things first!
Do you even know your way around a needle?!
How do I know you won't mess up trying
to find a vein and make a huge mess?!
I'll be fine.
I used to work as a nurse.
What?!
Incidentally, this uniform is the
one I used to wear back then.
So please, rest assured.
Oh, I know.
What if I defected?
And joined the Hellhorde.
Your Highness?!
No! No needles!
Not a scrap of shame, decency, or dignity.
I'm scared of pain!
Let me think.
I'm not here to try and
hurt the princess, either.
Anesthetic Tape
I do have this local anesthetic patch.
I can use this to make the needle painless.
But if I go to the trouble of using
it, I'd want a secret in exchange...
The royal treasures are hidden in a
room on the east side of the castle!
That was instant!
Tell me when you're gonna poke me!
Promise!
No taking me by surprise!
I'll spank you if you do that!
There, all done!
You were really brave, so
you get a bear sticker.
It didn't hurt!
Hooray for modern medicine!
The princess was
in good health
I see.
The royal treasures are in
a room on the east side.
What do you think?
Geh-heh-heh.
I'd feel bad if we stole
their royal treasures.
'Tis Time for
"Torture," Princess
Your Highness.
I apologize for being unable
to save you last time.
I was so focused on my spell that I
didn't notice I had let go of you.
This time, with my newly-acquired spell,
I, Louch Brittan, the White Knight,
will be sure to save you!
Please wait for me, Your Highness!
Your Highness.
It's been quite some time.
Louch Brittan, White Knight
of the Imperial First Legion,
Imperial
First
Legion
Louch
Brittan
has arrived to fetch Your
Highness once again.
I'm sorry for letting my hands slip off
you halfway through last time.
Ah, no, don't worry about it!
I should be the one apologizing!
This time, I've come with a spell that can
teleport Your Highness, no contact needed.
Oh, a new spell in so little time?
You're not in the First Legion for nothing!
Oh, please, no.
A genius, you say?
I didn't go that far.
Ah, if you'll excuse me for a moment.
Now then, Your Highness.
I've cast a sleeping spell throughout
the castle tonight as well.
That said, let's act as
silently as possible.
How will we make our escape this time?
Allow me to explain.
My new spell, Entity Displacement.
Entity Displacement?
NOT TELEPORTED
CHANTING
This spell creates an
expanding aura of mana,
which teleports all matter within its range.
Huh, that sure is a handy spell.
TELEPORTED
However, the drawback is that living things
and objects can't travel at the same time,
so your clothes and body end up
being teleporting separately.
Eh?
Your clothes will be teleported first.
Huh?
Hold it right—
O thou who dost seek the city.
He's already in concentration mode!
Free my flesh from its
armor, and behold my soul.
Clothes and body separately, he says...
Let my true form cross time and space,
and serve as a brilliant guiding light.
O thou who dost seek the city.
Free my flesh from its
armor, and behold my soul.
My clothes are starting to
be teleported by themselves!
If this keeps up...
I'll end up buck naked!
Heya.
Wait, don't panic.
Free my flesh from its
armor, and behold my soul.
Calm down.
Let's just calm down!
Let my true form cross time and space,
That's right.
I'm the Princess and Commander
of the Imperial Third Legion.
and serve as a brilliant guiding light.
I've faced all sorts of
hardships in the past.
In comparison, exposing my
naked body is no big deal!
I won't give in to the likes
of being stripped naked!
Wait, wait, wait, wait!
Nope, nope, nope, nope, nope!
O thou who dost seek the city.
Stop, stop, stop!
Free my flesh from its
armor, and behold my soul.
Damn it, he's completely ignoring me!
Seriously, how can he focus so intently?!
Let my true form cross time and space,
23rd
White Knight Cup
He's like a shogi player mid-match!
O thou who dost seek the city.
Wait, yeah.
Free my flesh from its
armor, and behold my soul.
If he's concentrating this hard,
I don't need to worry about
being seen, even if I'm naked.
Let my true form cross time and space,
and serve as a brilliant guiding light.
O thou who dost seek the city.
I almost panicked there.
Free my flesh from its
armor, and behold my soul.
If that's the case, I just need to sit
tight until the teleportation finishes...
Let my true form cross time and space,
Wait a second!
Where am I being teleported to?!
Wherever it is, I'm sure there are people
waiting there to act as support!
Your Highness!
Welcome back!
She's naked!
She's naked as a jaybird!
Blammo
No way, not happening!
23rd
White Knight Cup
I'm left with no choice but
to defeat Louch yet again!
But if I do that, I'll
remain a prisoner here.
However...
I'm sure Louch will come
to save me one more time.
Then I defeat him.
He comes to save me again.
Defeat him.
Again and again.
23rd
White Knight Cup
The very definition of sennichite!
Sennichite
Sennichite.
When the same position is repeated
four times in a game of shogi.
If this happens, the game is deemed a draw.
No deal!
O thou who dost seek the city.
It doesn't count as a draw in real life!
Free my flesh from...
23rd
White Knight Cup
I need to do something about this.
I'll save Her Highness!
...and behold my soul.
I swear it.
...and serve as a brilliant guiding light.
I'll be her savior!
O thou who dost seek the city.
Stop, stop!
I'll be the one to save her!
O thou who dost seek the city.
My belly button!
Free my flesh from its
armor, and behold my soul.
Let my true form cross time and space,
and serve as a brilliant guiding light.
O thou who dost seek the city.
Free my flesh from its
armor, and behold my soul.
Let my true form cross time and space,
I can't bear ending up buck naked...
and serve as a brilliant guiding light.
O thou who dost seek the city.
Free my flesh from its
armor, and behold my soul.
Mordred Sword!
Mordred
Sword
Traitor's
Blow
I'm sorry, Louch.
My word.
How did you manage to tear up your
clothes like this in your sleep?
Thanks for getting me new clothes.
What in the world happened last night?
Well, you know, stuff.
Behind Hellholm,
The Woeful
Wastelands
His Majesty is... working out...
I need to slowly get my
body warmed up again.
I wouldn't want to suffer a fall during
the parent participation events.
One week left until Maomao-chan's field day!
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk